Test errors windows (#1537)
SAP/cloud-sdk-js: CHANGELOG.md

> ## Compatibility Notes

Reviewer: I changed it a bit to make it even more explicit. Could you also add an entry to fixed issues?

> - [openapi-generator] Paths referenced in options per service configuration  file use `/` separator. Existing config files generated on Windows using `\\` in paths should be updated manually to `/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [openapi-generator] Paths referenced in the options per service configuration now use POSIX-style separators (`/`) independent of the operating system. Existing configuration files generated on Windows contain Windows-style separators (`\\`) in the paths. Those paths will not be read correctly and should be updated manually to `/`.
```
